do you have safe-deposit boxes here
you vault you does it again he's out for
good I don't care what it is I'll never
let them in the place again just down
your luck and change just that quickly
gentlemen the 3000 block of Las Vegas
Boulevard located below the strip we're
gonna Rob it 150 million not breaking
this way imagine the art we have a
problem
it means the moment you set foot in that
casino floor gonna be watching you this
is not your call kid you up for it I can
do it
done the game in question is No Limit
Texas Hold'em minimum buy-in $25,000 a
game like this doesn't come together off
and outside the casino
so you guys really can pick them
this guy is as smart as he is ruthless
you're either in or you're out
right now yeah all right I'm gonna give
you a choice walk out of here you can't
have both what do you want and don't
forget to pay your friend
eat
you